All that city. 
You just couldn't see the end to it. 
The end? Please? Youplease just show me where it ends?
It was all very fine on that gangway. 
And Iwas grand too, in my overcoat. 
I cut quite a figure. 
And I was getting off.Guaranteed. 
There was no problem. It wasn't what I saw that stopped me, Max. 
Itwas what I didn't see. You understand that? What I didn't see. 
In all thatsprawling city there was everything except an end.
There was no end. 
What I didnot see was where the whole thing came to an end.
The end of the world.
Take a piano. The keys begin, the keys end. 
You know there are eightyeightof them, nobody can tell you any different. 
They are not infinite. You areinfinite. 
And on these keys the music that you can make is infinite. 
I like that. That I can live by.
All that world is weighing down on me, you don't even know where it comes to anend, and aren't you ever just scared of breaking apart at the thought of it?
Theenormity of living it?
was born on this ship, and the world passed me by, but two thousand peopleat a time.
And there were wishes here, but never more than fit between prow andstern.
You played out your happiness, but on a piano that was not infinite.
Ilearned to live that way.
Land is a ship too big for me.
It's a woman too beautiful, it's avoyage too long, a perfume too strong.
It's a music I don't know how to make. Icould never get off this ship.
At best, I can step off my life. After all, Idon't exist for anyone.
You're an exception, Max, you're the only one who knowsI'm here.
You're a minority, and you better get used to it.
Forgive me, myfriend, but I'm not getting off.
You know some birds are not meant to be caged, their feathers are just too bright.
There is something inside ,that they can't get to , that they can't touch. That's yours.
Hope is a good thing and maybe the best of things. And no good thing ever dies.
Life was like a box of chocolates, you never know what you're gonna get.
Stupid is as stupid does.
Jenny and I was like peas and carrots.
You just stay away from me please.
If you are ever in trouble, don't try to be brave, just run, just run away.
Death is just a part of life, something we're all destined to do.
I don't know if we each have a destiny, or if we're all just floating around accidentally―like on a breeze
Everything you see exists together in a delicate balance.
I'm only brave when I have to be. Being brave doesn't mean you go looking for trouble.
Yes, the past can hurt. But I think you can either run from it or learn from it.
Land is the only thing in the world worth working for, worth fighting for, worth dying for. Because it's the only thing that lasts.
Whatever comes, I'll love you, just as I do now. Until I die.
I love you more than I've ever loved any woman. And I've waited longer for you than I've waited for any woman.
You're throwing away happiness with both hands. And reaching out for something that will never make you happy.
Home. I'll go home. And I'll think of some way to get him back. After all, tomorrow is another day.
When you're attracted to someone it just means that your subconscious is attracted to their subconscious, subconsciously. So what we think of as fate, is just two neuroses knowing they're a perfect match.
The reason I know this and you don't is because I'm younger and pure. So I'm more in touch with cosmic forces.
What if something had happened to you? What if I couldn't get to you? What would I have done without you? You're my family. You're all I've got.
Behind every successful man, there is a woman. And behind every unsuccessful man, there are two.
God shall wipe away all the tears from their eyes, and there shall be no more death. Neither shall there be sorrow or dying, neither shall there be any more pain, for the former world has passed away.
You make millions of decisions that mean nothing and then one day your order takes out and it changes your life.
You know it's easier to get killed by a terrorist than get married over the age of 40.
Children in backseats cause accidents. Accidents in backseats cause children.
The more dangerous it is, the more I will be.
There is nothing I couldn't give you, there is nothing I would deny you, if you would not deny me. Open you're heart to me.
Remember, they love money, so just pretend like you own a goldmine and you're in the club.